and a quick idea super easy to do and
that surely you will surprise more
of one today we are going to make some
chocolate nests that practically you
then put what you want after
put chocolates for exposing what you can
put the side as the day of another fact
you know that this is super easy
presence to do because generally
and twitter
I feel good, you know I love you
I send you a big hug
make these chocolate nests is very
easy the only thing we're going to use the
chocolate you can use the one you
you want it can be dark or it can be
white we are going to occupy a logo
completely clean and sachets
plastic
let's open our chocolate and let's go
to make sure we cut it into pieces
small as I told you, you can use
anyone as long as it's a
chocolate that melts
let's cut it into small squares
and we are going to use our bags of
plastic to get inside and we're going to
make a knot make sure it is
just in the chocolate corner for
that can serve us in the next
step we are going to give him a teddy bear so that
our chocolate is not going to come out
in the each something more or less like that
and as I told you, you can use the
white chocolate or dark chocolate or
bitter chocolate the one you like the most
ok since we have our two bags
of chocolate we are going to inflate a balloon you
you decide but I recommend you to be
as a medium size that is more
small how big
and well let's put our chocolate
to our microwave oven too
you could do it in a bain-marie but good
I feel that in the microwave is much more
You can quickly start putting me
I put it for 30 seconds in 30 seconds
to go see and check until
our chocolate is completely
melted the next step in super
easy since we're just going to give it a
chick to our scar bag in
melted chocolate and we're going to form
lines and lines and lines on our
balloon what is important is that these lines
so they are interspersed with each other to
that we have something more or less like that and
effect of like a chocolate nest
then once you have your
so we are going to put it in the fridge is
important that the refri goal for
that the chocolate solidifies
so I'm going to put it in my fridge and
I'll leave them there about
10 from 10 to 20 minutes
ok once we already expected this
time and the chocolate is completely
solid you can take a needle or a step
of borbó something sharp to break our
balloon in this step you should do it with
very careful and you must make sure that
the chocolate is completely solid and
so that we do not get undone so
everything simply because the balloon and with
careful alone is going to take off
but if it stays stuck in the parts of
up down with a lot of care
you can take away the balloon the truth is
that is not difficult
and that's how fast you already have your children
I put the ice cream and the
truth is that that part was erased
where I'm putting the ice cream but
good is super simple and as of teis
that you can fill it with what you
you want to look super coquettish and it's a
way to change the
presentation to an ice cream you know that
are the little details what they do
our special days
and I hope you liked it you know
that I send you a big hug more
trained and see you in a next
video bay